add view copy method and propagate key events (#418)
piiano/vault-typescript: sdk/forms/README.md

  - `mouseY`: y coordinate of the mouse pointer during the event.
  - `rect`: A [DOMRect](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/DOMRect) element representing the bounding rectangle of the value element that received the event.

###### KeyboardEvent

> For convenience sack, when a keyboard event (`keydown`, `keyup`, or `keypress`) occurs in the view, the event object is serialized and dispatched to the hosting page as a regular keyboard event so keybindings defined on the page can be triggered even when the view is focused. The view also adds a `trustedEventKey` property to the event object. This property can be used with the `copy` method to ensure to tell the view that the event was triggered by a trusted source and skip showing the confirmation dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simplicity, when a keyboard event (`keydown`, `keyup`, or `keypress`) occurs in the view, the event object is serialized and dispatched to the hosting page as a regular keyboard event so keybindings defined on the page can be triggered even when the view is focused. The view also adds a `trustedEventKey` property to the event object. This property can be used with the `copy` method to ensure that the event was triggered by a trusted source and skip showing the confirmation dialog.
```
